# Data-Driven Design of perovksite
Over the recent years, a new class of solar cell based upon mixed organic–inorganic halide perovskites has rapidly emerged.  Incorporating perovskites into semiconductor devices such as solar cells has shown good performance. Although the first efficient solid-state perovskite cells were reported in 2012, fast progress has been made during the last five years with power conversion efficiencies reaching a confirmed 20%. Many tunable parameters can impact such properties, but the specifics still remain unknown. The objective of this project is to develop models that find relationships between the structures of hybrid organic perovskites (HOIPs) and the properties that are important for materials design, such as band gap, electron mobility, exciton lifetime, or the rate of spin transport. This project will incorporate a wide range of data, including published experimental data, simulated data from the Li research group, data from collaborators, and data from the Materials Project database. Additionally, the development of Python software framework will allow the integration of many types of data to be used for statistical inference and design, including electronic structure calculations, spectroscopic analysis, and molecular dynamics. The goal of our team is to enable the rational design of perovskite solar cells by optimizing tunable parameters to yield desired properties and behaviors.

# Contributors
Sarah Floris, Yongquan Xie, Hongbin Liu

#Project Summary
We have used linear regression model (LASSO) and neural networks on a reduced data set to identify the optimal combination of elements in the HOIPs for the energy conversion in the solar cells.  The lead based HOIP is so far still the bestcandidate for the solar cell application.  A prediction in the fullrange of FA/MA, I/Br ratios has been made based on the neural networks.
